2.2 and related updates (#451)
atbcb/ICTTestingBaseline: _baselines/14Links.md

#### Test Instructions
<ol id="1TI">
    <li id="1TI-1">Check that the combination of accessible name and accessible description is not empty. [SC 4.1.2]</li>

>     <li id="1TI-2">Check that the purpose of each link can be determined from any combination of the link text, <a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/html-aam-1.0/#accessible-name-and-description-computation" target="_blank" rel="noopener">accessible name and accessible description</a>, and in the same sentence, paragraph, list item, or table cell as the link, or in the table header cell for a link in a data table, because these are directly associated with the link itself. [SC 2.4.4]</li>

Reviewer: Would possibly suggest a list of items is show to help with readability as this sentence is a little clunky:

Check that the purpose of each link can be determined from any combination of:
-  the link text, 
- <a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/html-aam-1.0/#accessible-name-and-description-computation" target="_blank" rel="noopener">accessible name and accessible description</a>,
-  in the same sentence, paragraph, list item, or table cell as the link, or
- in the table header cell for a link in a data table.

These are sufficient techniques because they are directly associated with the link itself.

Reviewer 2: yes, easier to read

>     <li id="1TI-2">Check that the purpose of each link can be determined from any combination of the link text, <a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/html-aam-1.0/#accessible-name-and-description-computation" target="_blank" rel="noopener">accessible name and accessible description</a>, and in the same sentence, paragraph, list item, or table cell as the link, or in the table header cell for a link in a data table, because these are directly associated with the link itself. [SC 2.4.4]</li>

Author: ```suggestion
    <li id="1TI-2">Check that the purpose of each link can be determined from any combination of the following [SC 2.4.4]:
    <ul>
       <li>the link text, </li>
       <li>the link's <a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/html-aam-1.0/#accessible-name-and-description-computation" target="_blank" rel="noopener">accessible name and accessible description</a>, </li>
       <li>the same sentence, paragraph, list item, or table cell as the link, </li>
       <li>the table header cell for a link in a data table.</li>
   </ul>
   These techniques may be used to provide context for the link. </li>
```
